Add density to Darcy source in NSCLS (#2005)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - MINOR This PR adds a dimensionally consistent formulation of the Darcy force term in CLS two-phase flows simulation. Setting to `true` the `enable Darcy multiply by density` parameter enables the multiplication of the previously implemented term by the density. This formulation is more appropriate when the solved momentum equation solves with the pressure variable rather than the kinematic pressure. Which is the case when solving the coupled Navier-Stokes equations with the CLS one. Adding this term has shown to reduce the stiffness of the non-linear solving. A simple regression application test is also added. [#2005](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2005)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MINOR This PR adds a dimensionally consistent formulation of the Darcy force term in CLS two-phase flows simulation. Setting to `true` the `enable Darcy multiply by density` parameter enables the multiplication of the previously implemented term by the density. This formulation is more appropriate when the solved momentum equation solves with the pressure variable rather than the kinematic pressure. This is the case when solving the coupled Navier-Stokes equations with the CLS one. Adding this term has shown to reduce the stiffness of the non-linear solving. A simple regression application test is also added. [#2005](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2005)
```

> - MINOR This PR adds a dimensionally consistent formulation of the Darcy force term in CLS two-phase flows simulation. Setting to `true` the `enable Darcy multiply by density` parameter enables the multiplication of the previously implemented term by the density. This formulation is more appropriate when the solved momentum equation solves with the pressure variable rather than the kinematic pressure. Which is the case when solving the coupled Navier-Stokes equations with the CLS one. Adding this term has shown to reduce the stiffness of the non-linear solving. A simple regression application test is also added. [#2005](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2005)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- MAJOR Adds a dimensionally consistent formulation of the Darcy force term in CLS two-phase flows simulation. Setting to `true` the `enable Darcy multiply by density` parameter enables the multiplication of the previously implemented term by the density. This formulation is more appropriate when the solved momentum equation solves with the pressure variable rather than the kinematic pressure. Which is the case when solving the coupled Navier-Stokes equations with the CLS one. Adding this term has shown to reduce the stiffness of the non-linear solving. A simple regression application test is also added. [#2005](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2005)
```

It's not a small change IMO. Can alter results.

Author: I put it minor since it can be toggled on/off and by default it is off so it doesn't change current results, but I can change it to Major :)
